Fix formatter comma separator. (#77)
yiisoft/log: CHANGELOG.md

# Log Change Log

## 1.0.4 under development

> - Fix #76: Fix time formatter when locale define a comma as decimal point (terabytesoftw)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix #76: Fix time formatter when locale uses comma as a decimal point separator (terabytesoftw)
```

## 1.0.4 under development

> -  Fix #76: Fix time formatter `when` locale define a comma as decimal point (terabytesoftw)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Fix #76: Fix time formatter when locale define a comma as decimal point (terabytesoftw)
```

> - Chg #77: Fix formatter `getTime()` method when locale returns a comma as decimal point (terabytesoftw)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix #76: Fix time formatter when locale define a comma as decimal point (terabytesoftw)
```

Author: done.
